[GEOT-7509] Document query parameter (#4700)
geotools/geotools: docs/user/tutorial/datastore/optimisation.rst

.. note:: Challenge

>   The ``canRetype(query)`` operations are easy to support, check the query and only provide values for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The ``canRetype(query)`` operation is easy to support, check the query and only provide values for the
```
